feat: 3ds Max Host Configuration script example (#104)
aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-samples: host_configuration_scripts/3dsmax/README.md

# Sample Host Configuration scripts to install 3dsmax to Service Managed Fleets for AWS Deadline Cloud

> ## 3dsmax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 3ds Max
```

Author: Good idea, I will update all the instances to be `3ds Max` similar to the originator's naming.

> 3dsMax is a popular Digital Content Creation tool provided by Autodesk. 3dsMax runs on Windows, and requires Administrative access to install onto a host. Because of the Administrative requirement, Deadline Cloud recommends installing 3dsMax on to the worker host using Host Configuration Scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3ds Max is a popular Digital Content Creation tool provided by Autodesk. 3ds Max runs on Windows, and requires administrative access to install onto a host. Because of the administrative requirement, Deadline Cloud recommends installing 3ds Max on to the worker host using Host Configuration Scripts.
```

Author: Updated, thanks!

> 3dsMax is a popular Digital Content Creation tool provided by Autodesk. 3dsMax runs on Windows, and requires Administrative access to install onto a host. Because of the Administrative requirement, Deadline Cloud recommends installing 3dsMax on to the worker host using Host Configuration Scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3ds Max is a popular Digital Content Creation tool provided by Autodesk. 3ds Max runs on Windows, and requires administrative access to install onto a host. Because of the administrative requirement, Deadline Cloud recommends installing 3dsMax on to the worker host using Host Configuration Scripts.
```

> - Note: While the example installs 3dsmax 2024, Deadline Cloud's submitter supports 3dsmax 2025, 2026 as well. The installation script should work equivalently for 3dsmax 2025, 2026.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Note: While the example installs 3ds Max 2024, Deadline Cloud's submitter supports 3ds Max 2025, 2026 as well. The installation script should work equivalently for 3ds Max 2025, 2026.
```

Any reason to do 2024, instead of a newer version for the example?

Author: Applied. 

This script actually works well with 2025 and 2026 as well and we have tested it. We are working on updating the blog article to match and will also update github.

## Installation guide
1. Create a S3 bucket in the same region as your farm.

> 2. Download the 3dsmax installer from Autodesk, and zip up the installer as `3dsmax.zip`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Download the 3ds Max installer from Autodesk, and zip up the installer as `3dsmax.zip`.
```

Author: Updated!

> 3. Configure the Windows Service Managed fleet's host configuration using [3dsmax-2024.ps1](./3dsmax-2024.ps1).

Reviewer 2: If we go with an S3 URI environment variable for the ps1 script, let's add a step here to define the env var too

Author: ack - for the moment I am not changing this. I will revisit this with Jair, who originally created the script and got the article reviewed.

4. Save the fleet configuration.
5. Configure the Fleet IAM role to have S3 bucket access.

> 6. Recommendation: Set the fleet's min worker count to 1. Review a worker's cloud watch log to ensure the script is executed successfully prior to production use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Recommendation: Set the fleet's min worker count to 1. Review a worker's CloudWatch log to ensure the script is executed successfully prior to production use. 
```

Author: Updated, along with the other instances too.
